Update docs (#43)
phenology/cgc: docs/kmeans.rst

K-means refinement
==================

Introduction
------------

The `Kmeans` module is an implementation of the `k-means clustering`_ to refine the results of a co-clustering or

> tri-clustering calculation. This k-mean refinement allows to identify similarity patterns between co- or tri-clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tri-clustering calculation. This k-mean refinement allows identifying similarity patterns between co- or tri-clusters.
```

The following pre-defined features, computed over all elements belonging to the same co- or tri-cluster, are employed
for the k-means clustering:

#. Mean value;
#. Standard deviation;
#. Minimum value;
#. Maximum value;
#. 5th percentile;
#. 95th percentile;

The implementation, which is based on the `scikit-learn`_ package, tests a range of k values and select the optimal one

> on the basis of the `Silhouette coefficient`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
based on the `Silhouette coefficient`_.
```
